♪ The sun shines ♪
♪ And people forget ♪
♪ The spray flies
As the speedboat glides ♪
♪ And people forget ♪
♪ Forget they're hiding ♪
♪ Behind an eminence front ♪
♪ Eminence front ♪
♪ It's a put on, it's a put on ♪
♪ It's a put on ♪
♪ Come and join the party ♪
♪ Dress to ♪
♪ Come on, join the party ♪
♪ Dress to... ♪
Hey, you missed the turn.
We're not going to Miyagi-Do.
♪ Dress yourself to kill ♪
I talked Zarkarian down
to a reasonable rate.
In your name.
You did?
Why?
Because you're Cobra Kai again.
And what better way to kick things off
than by training Miguel and Tory
for their final matches
right back where it all began?
You know, first time I saw that logo here,
it brought up
some pretty visceral emotions.
I know this style of karate
will always exist.
And even though I don't believe in it,
I do believe in you.
Means a lot, man.
Just putting that snake on my back again
so Tory and Miguel can have their shot
is one thing,
but bringing Cobra Kai back all the way
after what Kreese and Silver
turned it into...
They did a lot of damage.
But if you could lead Tory and Miguel
to victory tomorrow,
your Cobra Kai will be
Sekai Taikai champions.
That's what it'll be known for.
And you'll be the sensei
who made it happen.
Clean slate.
This feeling like a yes?
It's a hell yeah.
They think they can pull this stunt
at the eleventh hour.
They'd lost!
This thing was over.
That title was ours.
The title is still ours.
Losing should be
the least of their concerns.
Ais!
Axel, Wing.
Kai shi!
Hold.
What was that?
A... a point, Sensei.
A point that your opponent
can now recover to regain
when you could have
ended the fight for good.
I... I don't want to win that way.
Kai shi.
There is no way.
There is only winning or not.
This isn't a sport.
It's a fight.
Your opponents refuse to accept defeat,
so you will not give them a choice.
Eyes on me!
You will not hold back.
Not out of empathy.
Or out of concern
for Samantha LaRusso's opinion of you.
You think I don't see
the way you look at her?
The Miyagi-Do captain
who disgraced her dojo
by refusing to fight?
Look me in the eye.
Does this girl
mean more to you than victory?
Because if the answer is yes...
you've already lost.
We do not seek the approval of the weak.
They should fear you.
And if they don't...
make them.
Yes, Sensei.
Again!
This is where it all started.
Diaz, you were my first student.
Nichols, I was your first sensei.
I taught you the style of karate
that was taught to me.
We've been through a lot
of Cobra Kai bullshit since then.
But none of that matters.
Because this is our Cobra Kai.
And tomorrow,
we're gonna show the world
that nobody strikes harder than us.
Is that understood?
Yes, Sensei!
Good.
Now let's show
these international assholes
how we do things in the Valley.
Imagine your opponent's face.
Keep going. Fifty more. Fifty more!
Ais!
Come on, don't be pussies. Let's go!
Oh, hell yeah. Now we're talking.
Nice, Diaz!
Attagirl!
All right, it's time to lay some wood!
That's nice, nice.
Hands up!
Thanks, Sensei. I'm good.
Hey, you worked your ass off. Build
those muscles back up. Get some protein.
I guess there is some protein in that,
but... I don't have much of an appetite.
Don't tell me you're getting the prefight
jitters. You've never looked better.
Too much adrenaline. I guess I just...
can't wait to pay back Axel
for what he did to Robby.
I get it.
But you can't go into this fight
thinking like that.
I should know.
I go into every fight thinking like that.
It's also how I lost to LaRusso in '84.
I was a way better fighter.
Yeah, sure, maybe he's caught up
since then. Almost.
But he only trained for six weeks.
I should have destroyed him.
I was too hellbent on revenge
for all the shit he pulled.
Even though I pulled a lot of shit on him,
too, he didn't fight for revenge.
He fought to honor
everything he'd learned.
To show guys like me
we couldn't get the best of him.
Understood, Sensei.
I'm gonna fight to honor
everything you taught me.
Being your sensei
is the best thing I've ever done.
Do me a favor.
Fight for yourself too.
To honor how far you've come.
The day we met, you were wearing
Pepto-Bismol as a hat. Right over there.
A few months later,
you're All-Valley champ.
Now you're on the verge of a world title.
You're Miguel fucking Diaz.
You earned this.
You understand?
Got it.
Good.
- Now give me one of those slices.
- Attaboy.
My dad learned this in Okinawa.
It's sort of a last resort.
Is there a counter to it?
Ask the drum.
Haven't you two
gotten your fill of training for the day?
Hey, if you love karate,
you can never get too much of it.
Unless, of course,
it's the night before a title fight.
You want us to give you a lift home?
Uh, no, that's okay.
Sensei Lawrence and Robby
are gonna give me a ride. But thanks.
Okay. It's a big day tomorrow,
so try to get your rest.
Everything okay?
Yeah.
I was just thinking
about the first time I came in here.
Sparred with Miguel
and made friends with Aisha.
Then met Sam at the beach club.
It's been a strange couple of years.
The toughest in my life.
But also kind of the best.
And when I think about the good parts,
a lot of them are because of you guys.
You helped me get back into school
after all the shit that I pulled on Sam.
And you let me join Miyagi-Do,
no questions asked.
And then I bailed on you
right before the tournament
to fight for Kreese.
And now Sam's teaching me
the advanced moves of Miyagi-Do.
No one besides my mom
has ever shown me that much kindness.
So... thank you.
I don't know what I did to deserve it.
Well, I'll tell you what you did.
You took every punch that life threw you,
and you kept fighting.
Sure, I didn't always agree
with the way that you fought,
but... we all make mistakes.
Even me, some would argue.
What matters is how willing we are
to acknowledge those mistakes
and how we move on from them.
And you've done that
better than most people.
You both have.
So,
yes, you absolutely deserve
some good in your life.
Just like you deserve to win.
We just rolled in to the Sekai Taikai.
Ignore her bullshit.
Keep your head in the game.
All dojo representatives...
Hey, hey. Sorry I'm late.
I was changing my number for next year.
As much as I'll miss dear old 818,
626 has a much better ring to it.
Wait, 626 is Pasadena.
Oh, I'm sorry. Did I not tell you?
I got into Caltech.
Dude, what? Are you serious?
As the cancer we may very well cure
one day via nanobot technology.
But what about TMI?
Oh. Oh, sweet, sweet Moon.
It's MIT.
No shit.
We've just been calling it TMI
behind your back all year
because you wouldn't shut up about it.
Fair.
And I told MIT thanks, but no thanks.
At the end of the day, Caltech's
robotics program is a notch above.
Plus, my best friend is going there.
Binary Brothers for life.
Ladies and gentlemen,
please find your seats.
The girls' final match
will begin momentarily.
Just focus on what you need to do
out there and nothing else. Both of you.
Don't worry about overall points.
Just win your fight.
- Okay?
- No.
There's no way in hell we're letting
Silver buy himself another title.
He's right. We can close the gap.
Badass.
Who is ready for karate?
Our championship bout will follow
the same structure as our semifinals.
Three rounds,
two minutes each, with unlimited scoring.
Knockdowns are worth ten points,
and if a downed fighter
cannot reengage within ten seconds,
they will be considered knocked out
and their opponent awarded 20 points.
She cannot match your speed or your skill.
And don't let her forget how much
real estate you own in her head either.
The individual title
goes to the competitor
who scores the most points
over these three rounds.
Nichols, it's go time.
And now, the final match
to determine our female world champion.
Please come to the mat,
Tory Nichols of Cobra Kai.
Let's go, Tory!
And Zara Malik
of the Iron Dragons.
Good luck to you both.
Just wanted to say thanks
for that little stunt
you pulled on my social back in Spain.
Played the slut shaming card,
doubled my followers.
What an achievement.
Play it cool all you want,
but we both know it eats you up
that, no matter what happens,
everyone still loves me,
and they'll never love you.
Don't let her push your buttons.
Look around.
You've got home field advantage,
but most of these sad little people
from your sad little Valley
are cheering for me.
So enjoy the last
of your 15 minutes of fame
because all you'll be after this
is just another notch on my black belt.
Kind of like Robby.
Fighters, face me. Bow.
Each other, bow.
Fighting stances.
Ready?
Let's go, Nichols. She's all yours.
Fight!
Point!
You have to try harder than that.
No point.
That's a kick to the back.
- Shit.
- No point. Block.
Focus, Nichols.
Zara got in her head.
Point!
Damn it!
- She's playing right into her hands.
- Tory will calm down and figure it out.
Right?
Shake it off. Shake it off.
You're only down five, all right?
That's not even a touchdown.
Plenty of time to come back. She's baiting
you. All right? Making you gas out.
You gotta flip the script.
Let her come to you.
Zara! Zara! Zara!
When she's airborne, she's vulnerable.
And she loves to show that shit off.
Make her pay for it. Be ready for it.
Hey, Dad, can I have a second?
Yeah.
You gonna tell me to stay centered
and find my balance?
Because I would if I could,
but I need her to stay still so I can
give her the beating she's got coming.
- I wasn't gonna say any of that.
- So what, then?
You got some genius strategy
for how to hit a human tornado
who blows kisses to her fans
while kicking me in the face?
- No, I don't.
- Then what?
I love you, Tory.
That's all I was gonna tell you.
That's it?
Yeah.
And no fucking mercy.
Come on!
- Let's go, Tory.
- Come on!
Fighting stances.
Ready!
Fight!
- Point!
- Yes!
Point!
Knockdown. Ten points.
- Yes!
- Yes, Tory!
Another point!
- Knockdown. Ten points.
- Yeah!
Get up!
Knockout. Winner!
She did it!
Yeah! Let's go!
Welcome to the Valley.
Bitch.
Come on, up.
Let's get you off to the side.
Congratulations
to our new Sekai Taikai girls' champion,
Tory Nichols.
Yeah!
Tory! Tory! Tory! Tory!
With her win,
Cobra Kai is closing the gap
on the Iron Dragons.
We'll take a short intermission
before our final event,
the boys' championship.
- All right! Whoo!
- Yeah!
Okay.
Okinawa?
That was some match.
Underdog looks down and out
but comes back to win decisively.
Congratulations.
Oh, w-- wait.
That wasn't your victory.
One of your captains
got carried off the mat.
The other one didn't even show up.
That's how Miyagi-Do will be remembered.
I'd love to see the look
on your sensei's face
if he were alive to see me destroy
everything you've worked for.
It ain't over yet.
Might as well be.
Axel's a machine.
You saw how he dominated Keene,
and he is going to decimate Diaz.
But let's just say you're right,
and by some miracle, he pulls it off.
That'll be Cobra Kai on that podium.
The dojo you thought you'd killed
once and for all.
That's gotta hurt, Danny boy.
Actually,
it doesn't hurt at all.
Haven't you heard?
Cobra Kai
never dies.
- Hey.
- Hi.
- You okay?
- Yeah. Um...
Honestly, I just don't know
how else to say it. Uh...
I saw your acceptance letter
to the exchange program in Okinawa.
- Shit.
- And, um--
Miguel, I... I just didn't wanna
say anything until after.
It's fine. We didn't promise we were gonna
be in the same place after high school.
It just, uh... seemed like
it might end up that way.
Even though Okinawa's a bit further
of a commute than Stanford, but...
It sounds super cool.
And you must be so pumped.
I mean, I'm happy for you.
I'm really happy.
More than anything,
I just want what's best for you.
Ladies and gentlemen,
please return to your seats.
I wanna hear all about it, okay,
right after I'm done kicking some ass.
And now...
...our final match
of this year's Sekai Taikai!
Representing the Iron Dragons,
Axel Kovačević!
And representing Cobra Kai, Miguel Diaz.
This is what it's all about.
Savor the moment.
And knock his block off.
No matter what gi he has on,
he's trained in Miyagi-Do.
And after what you've done to his friend,
he'll be on the defense.
But there is no defense
for what you are about to do.
Would the fighters
please come to the mat.
Good luck to both of you.
Go, Miguel!
Fighters, face me.
Bow.
Face each other. Bow.
Fighting stances.
Ais!
Fight!
- Point!
- Nice, Diaz!
- Come on, Miguel!
- Ais!
Point!
Go, Miggy!
Ais! Ais! Ais!
Ais!
Point!
- Point!
- Yeah, Miguel!
- Yes!
- Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes!
Good job, Miguel!
- Holy shit, Diaz. You're on fire.
- Thanks.
All right.
First Malik, now Kovačević?
What the hell's wrong with them?
Flip his switch before he loses us
the whole goddamn tournament.
You've been trained since you could walk.
With every advantage
in size, strength, speed, and skill.
Are you telling me
you can't beat a weak nobody
from a nothing dojo?
If you waste this opportunity,
everything I've given you
will be for nothing.
If you let him win,
you will be less than nothing.
Come on, Miguel. You got this!
Fighting stances.
Ready? Fight!
Point!
Point! Point!
Another point!
Boo!
Knockdown. Ten points!
- It's okay, man.
- It's okay.
I'm so sorry, Sensei.
I... I thought I had him.
- You did have him.
- Yeah.
And then he had you. That's how fights go.
That's how life goes.
We all get our asses
handed to us sometimes.
There's gonna be more
where that came from, I guarantee it.
On and off the mat.
But I've never known anyone
who could take a shit-kicking
and fight back harder like you.
Thanks, Sensei, but...
I'm further behind on points. I don't know
if I can make it back in one round.
Who gives a shit about the score?
Points are for pussies.
Just go out there and give them
the best two minutes of karate you got.
Everything you learned.
Every lesson.
Every win. Every loss.
Leave it all on the mat.
Go all in!
You go all in.
Got it?
Yeah.
Yes, Sensei.
Screw this headband.
You're Cobra Kai.
Kick his ass, Miggy!
- Yeah, Miguel! You can do it!
- Come on!
End this.
Definitively.
His spine has been injured once before.
If targeted correctly,
it can be broken.
He leaves himself open for the roundhouse
when he pivots.
I can beat him, Sensei. I don't need--
What... was that?
Yes, Sensei.
Fighting stance.
Ready?
Fight!
Point!
I'm drowning.
Drowning is for pussies, all right?
Don't be a pussy. Use your legs.
Ais!
Come on, princess.
Harder!
Point!
- That's it. That's it!
- Come on!
Let's go, Diaz!
- Point!
- Good, good, good! Good!
There it is!
He leaves himself open
for the roundhouse when he pivots.
If targeted correctly, it can be broken.
Now! Now, now!
- Ais!
- Point!
- Yes!
- Let's go!
Point!
That's a point!
- That's right!
- Come on!
Yeah!
- Miguel?
- What?
Am I doing it?
You're doing it.
Knockdown. Winner!
Yes!
Yeah!
You did it!
You did it, man.
Hell yeah!
You did it!
Fantastic!
Thank you, Sensei.
I knew you could do it.
- May I have your attention?
- Yeah!
What an absolutely thrilling conclusion.
Please join me in congratulating
our girls' and boys' champions,
Tory Nichols and Miguel Diaz
of Cobra Kai!
- Yeah!
- Yes!
- Whoo!
I am ashamed to be your sensei.
Go, Miguel!
You are ashamed?
I'm ashamed to be your student.
But I never have to feel
that shame ever again.
This leaves us only
to declare our overall dojo champion.
But we cannot do that.
Because, for the first time
in our long and storied history,
the Sekai Taikai has ended in a tie!
What does that mean?
Fortunately, we have a protocol in place
for just such an occasion.
A winner must be proclaimed.
Per tradition, our overall champion
will be determined by one final match
between the dojos.
To be fought by their senseis!
They've just given you your last chance.
Don't blow it.
Oh, I won't.
- Whoa. Well, that was a twist.
- Hey.
Yeah, tell me about it.
You worried?
No. I know what I signed up for.
- But are you?
- Why should he be worried?
It's just karate.
What's the worst that could happen?
Oh!
Hey, little one.
Beautiful.
Congrats to both of you.
And best of luck tomorrow.
I bet you didn't expect
it all to be on your shoulders
when you put that gi back on.
But hey, that's life, isn't it?
Full of unintended consequences.
Aw. Bye-bye, sweetheart.
- Give me a minute.
- Okay.
Well, here we go again.
Yeah.
Never thought I'd be back on this mat.
Listen, I know you just hung up your gi,
but how about putting it on one more time?
Be my sensei.
I thought you'd never ask.
I'm not leaving anything to chance.
Lawrence doesn't have a prayer
in this fight.
But neither did Diaz or Nichols.
Johnny's built
a nice little family for himself.
I suppose he'd do
just about anything for them.
Especially if they were
to come under threat.
Let's have you pay
his wife and daughter a little visit.
Get us an insurance policy.
Furniture stores are one thing.
Sure you wanna go there?
Do as I ask,
and this yacht's all yours
when I shuffle off this mortal coil.
That's very generous of you, sir.
- Sensei.
- My car's at the dock.
Take the dinghy. Get it done.
Watch the deck, Dennis.
It's not yours yet.
You should've stayed gone, John.
And miss seeing your rent-a-dojo
get beaten by Cobra Kai?
You were there.
I guess I shouldn't be too surprised.
You always did love
lurking in the shadows.
I hope it was worth it.
'Cause you're not making it back to shore.
Well, one of us isn't.
I saw you talking to Johnny
on the way out.
I recognize that look.
So whatever it is that you got planned,
it ain't gonna happen.
Isn't that noble?
And pathetic!
After all this time,
after he rejected you
over and over and over,
you still can't shed that weakness.
On the contrary.
He's a source of strength.
He always has been.
A student worthy of my dedication
who has since surpassed his teacher.
That's a low bar, John.
His teacher isn't what he used to be.
Let's find out.
Yeah, let's.
Really, Terry?
I thought we were warriors.
And warriors fight with honor.
Warriors fight with whatever they have.
Come on. Let's do this.
So be it.
Get up! Come on!
Ah, yeah, this is how
it was always supposed to end, John.
You've been fighting your whole life.
It's only fitting
you go out on your shield.
Don't worry. It'll all be over soon.
No!
Mercy!